Fix typos etc. (#2011)
utelecon/utelecon.github.io: src/pages/en/online/index.md

Please keep checking back for more updates.

**For those who are not yet prepared to use UTokyo’s ICT system, please access** 

> * **[Getting Ready for ICT Systems at the University of Tokyo (for new students)](/en/oc/)** <br> or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Preparing the Essential Information Systems for University Life (for New Students)](/en/oc/)** <br> or 
```
